[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
Subtitles by DramaFever
They believe Kevin Lee was murdered
and that it wasn't an accident.
The police suspect you.
I didn't do it.
I didn't do it!
The only reason they called you
in to question you
was because they found circumstantial
evidence that points to you.
Didn't you hear me say it wasn't me?
The best protection
for a suspect is silence.
Don't say anything, no matter
what they ask you.
If you must say something,
discuss it with me first.
We need to buy time...
Hye Ran.
Who here decided that I'm a suspect?
You called me here saying you
just had a few simple questions.
You stick me in an interrogation room
and treat me like a suspect?
Was it you? Did you leak it?
No, I'm innocent.
Do you have evidence that points to me?
Or are you taking a hot case and
accusing a famous person as a suspect?
Do you want your name in the papers?
You're out of line...
The police should catch criminals,
not make them up, Detective.
You people have imprisoned many
innocent people in the past 10 years.
At least, 10,000 people.
Did you know that?
You were in a car accident
that night, weren't you?
You don't have to answer that.
I believe the interview is over.
If you have more questions,
you can contact me.
My car slid on the snowy roads
and I hit a guard rail.
Why?
You think I hit Kevin Lee?
- Hye Ran.
- I never said that.
By any chance...
did you?
You want me to fall into a trap?
A clumsy investigation where you
try whatever works...
Is this how the Korean police
still operates?
- That's enough.
- I'm Go Hye Ran.
I spent half my time as a reporter
going up against prosecutors.
So?
If you're going to go
up against me, do it properly.
If you need a statement regarding
her car accident that night
I will send you one.
Wow... awesome.
- What about the blackbox?
- Oh, yeah.
I took a look and it's gone.
The chip was taken out.
What black box?
Whose black box?
You don't mean Go Hye Ran's car, do you?
There was nothing else noticeable?
No, nothing.
Are you people crazy?
You called her in as a witness and
searched her car without a warrant?
What if Go Hye Ran finds out?
Why would you do that?
Don't deal with this emotionally.
I'm not dealing with it emotionally.
I'm being reasonably upset.
The brooch you wore on the news
that day was in Lee Jae Young's car.
That means you were in the car
with Lee Jae Young that day.
Coincidentally, your car
was in an accident that day.
Isn't it obvious that people could
think it was connected to Lee Jae Young?
What about you?
Not the police.
What do you think?
For that day...
we need to find someone
who can verify your alibi.
You think the same thing.
You think I killed him.
Right?
- Let's talk outside.
- Forget it.
A lawyer who doesn't believe me...
I don't need that.
I'm your husband as well as
your lawyer, so listen to me.
That's right. You are my husband.
But...
if you are my husband...
you should've asked if I was okay
before anything else.
Rather than my alibi,
ask about my feelings and how I am.
You should've worried about that first.
I didn't kill anyone.
I have no reason to avoid anything.
- She's coming!
- There she is!
- Out of the way!
- Move!
Why were you at the police station?
What's your relationship
to Lee Jae Young?
Please tell us the truth.
Tell us what happened.
- Go Hye Ran!
- Are you responsible for it?
What are your thoughts
on Kevin Lee's death?
They say you are
the only suspect. Is that true?
Lack of detailed knowledge of the case.
A weak investigation
with no clear-cut direction.
Rather than looking for the truth,
news that is suggestive and provocative.
News media that only cares
about pulling in readers.
Irresponsible articles that don't care
about anything besides that.
It's not only your reputations you lose,
but the trust people have in media.
I hope this will not go any further.
Let's try to keep some dignity. Hm?
[Episode 5: Scandal]
Have you heard?
Senior Hye Ran was at the police station.
She and Kevin Lee had something.
Really? What kind of relationship?
You know what kind.
You're not even positive.
Hey, hey. Remember his first interview?
The mood between them was really strange.
Yes, they did have some sort tension.
What tension?
That's when they
were attracted to each other.
Even with that documentary,
Kevin picked her out.
He said it had to be Go Hye Ran.
Well, I don't know.
I guess that's true.
Wow, that's big news.
Hey, I heard they shared
the same room in Thailand.
- Yes, it seemed that way.
- Huh?
I doubt it. Really?
I'm telling you it's true.
The lighting rookie
saw them go in together.
Really?
I heard Go Hye Ran's husband was there.
Wow, she did that with her husband there?
Those two were crazy.
Did you two see it?
- You shocked me.
- Who is this lighting rookie?
Can he stand by what he said?
Hey, what did you say before?
The two of them were so cold to each
other that shooting was difficult.
Wasn't that you?
That's the weird part.
If there was nothing going on,
why would they be cold?
That's more suspicious.
You're right.
Then were they just acting
this whole time.
Wow.
Please don't go around
saying such baseless comments.
You're all reporters.
You talking about things with no facts.
Gossiping about and insulting
a fellow reporter...
Isn't this kind of wrong?
That punk!
- Hold it in.
- Let me go.
That punk always acts this way.
It's Go Hye Ran... Go Hye Ran.
Senior.
Just hold it in.
[Vice President]
We should let it go.
We can't cover this up.
It's on a different level
than Ji Won's scandal.
Do you know what people are saying?
They're saying that
Go Hye Ran and Kevin Lee...
- Give me a cigarette.
- A cig... cigarette?
Yes, I thought you quit.
Just give me one.
[Painkiller: Headaches]
It's okay.
Hye Ran.
Why aren't my clothes here?
What happened is...
an order came down from the bosses.
I don't know what to do.
The news is not a joke.
What are we supposed to do?
What's going to happen?
Uh, Anchor Lee.
Did you get this script?
Yes, Team Leader.
Check the headline news once more?
Okay.
- Hey!
- Yes?
Did you turn on all the lights?
Yes, all of them.
- All of them are on?
- Yes, all...
What...
What am I supposed to do?
Use reflector panels or something
and get it brighter.
You have to use the reflector panels.
We have to do something.
How's the camera? Have you set it up?
The anchor has changed.
What are you doing huddling there?
Are you dating?
Yes, Sir.
Get to work.
Just look here.
I think I need... an explanation.
You know what
the most fun kind of talking is?
It's making fun of others.
Especially behind the back
of a successful person.
But now, that successful person
has stepped in crap.
What do you think people will do?
I didn't do it.
I had nothing to do
with Kevin Lee's death.
Whether you did or not
isn't important right now.
The problem is that people are
starting to believe you are connected.
So...
you're going to end me like this?
It'll be announced tomorrow
at an emergency meeting.
You'll have to go on probation
and wait for now.
I haven't done anything wrong,
so why am I on probation?
Hye Ran!
Go and wait.
It wasn't me.
I didn't do it, Director!
Go and wait.
We have news on pro golfer,
Kevin Lee, who died on the 18th.
There's a chance that it was murder
and not an accident.
He won the US Open
last year and returned...
This is the place
where Kevin Lee lost his life.
It is a steep road with poor visibility.
There was a snowstorm
on the day of the accident.
Kevin Lee was...
What am I to do?
I know it is difficult,
but I'd like to confirm a few things.
Do you happen to know why
your husband went out that night?
No.
Were you home all day yesterday?
Yes.
I wasn't feeling well,
so I fell asleep early.
I see.
I know this may not be
the right time to bring this up.
Still, I feel this is something we should
do to know what exactly happened.
About an autopsy...
will you agree to do one?
An autopsy?
I don't mean anything by it.
I know this was a car accident.
But, it isn't clear who
was the victim or the perpetrator.
We sometimes do autopsies
to find out more details.
My husband...
You don't think it was an accident?
That's what I'm trying to confirm.
Oh, it's cold.
When are you going to check
Kevin Lee's timeline?
I'll do it tomorrow.
Did you check his home CCTV?
Check the exact time he left his home.
Okay.
By the way...
why do you think it was murder?
Do you really think
Go Hye Ran killed him?
The autopsy of Kevin Lee, who died
on the 18th, was completed today.
It was at the request of his family, who
wished to know the cause of his death.
The detective in charge suspects
murder, so there has been no comment.
Reporter Kim Do Yoon is on the scene.
The autopsy of Kevin Lee,
who died very suddenly...
[Hye Ran]
Most autopsies take anywhere
from a week to one month.
Yes, Hye Ran.
Yes.
I decided to do the autopsy.
The police wanted to do it.
[Not A Simple Accident, Autopsy Needed]
I thought it would be for the best.
Sorry.
I know you cared about him.
Now, it's difficult for you
because of this.
Don't worry about it.
Though it is a bit difficult.
I can resolve it.
By the way, how are you?
Are you okay all alone?
Yes.
I can handle it.
Oh, yeah.
We'll be having a funeral
after the autopsy.
You'll be there, right?
Of course.
He was your husband.
Okay. See you then.
[Go Hye Ran: Questioned
About Kevin Lee's Death]
Around 7:00 p.m., Anchor Go Hye Ran
arrived at the police station to be
questioned regarding Kevin Lee's death.
She had a very bold
expression on her face...
- Stop watching.
- Leave it on.
She said she will cooperate
with the investigation.
The cause of Kevin Lee's death
will be known after the autopsy.
Call him.
[Mother]
What made you call me, Tae Wook?
You think Go Hye Ran really killed him?
I don't really know.
Something does smell fishy though.
What does?
That dead golfer.
I would bet my 10 fingers that
he and Go Hye Ran had a thing.
I would bet all my toes.
No one knows what's going on
between a man and a woman.
Even God doesn't know.
Tell the station
that you'll be taking time off.
Don't go out in public
until this case dies down.
Also...
I heard from Senior Yoon.
It's about your press secretary
position at the Blue House.
- For now...
- I heard you met Yoon Song Yi.
Why?
What were you curious about?
I wanted to know the truth.
I needed someone
to be objective and tell me.
In order to be your lawyer...
You said you were going to be my lawyer.
Why can't you ask me yourself?
Are you afraid of what I'll say?
You can't even handle that and
you said you'd be my lawyer?
Fine.
I'll tell you only the truth.
I did not kill him.
How will you explain
the brooch in Kevin Lee's car?
Ask the right question, Kang Tae Wook.
You're curious about
something else, not the brooch.
What's my relationship with Kevin Lee?
What happened between me and Kevin Lee?
What did I do that night
in the car with Kevin Lee?
Did I sleep with him?
I didn't sleep with him.
You don't believe me?
Too bad. What's our relationship then?
I told you. He was a guest
and I interviewed him.
There's one more thing.
He's my friend's husband.
There... I've told you everything.
What else do you want to know?
You said you would tell me the truth.
I am telling you the truth.
Why won't you believe me?
I've had hundreds of guests
on my news show.
I've had meetings, meals, coffee,
and drinks with guests many times.
Any time one of them dies in an accident
will I become a suspect and be doubted?
Tae Wook.
Are you trying to be my lawyer?
Or are you trying to confirm
your suspicions?
It doesn't matter even if you killed him.
It won't change my mind
about wanting to be your lawyer.
I didn't kill him!
I didn't sleep with him, you bastard!
What is it?
You don't actually
love your husband, do you?
Your husband.
Do you love him?
He was the first person.
The first person to love me,
all of me, just as I am.
What about you?
Do you love me?
I felt that way about you.
You and I...
were young, and it was passionate.
In that moment...
you were all that I had.
What kind of game are you playing now?
Every once in a while, in my life...
I thought of you whenever
I was tired, or things were tough.
When I thought of you...
I returned back to those times
when I liked you.
It made me feel better.
Just thinking about the time
I spent with you...
Even 10 years, and
another 10 years after that...
I still want to feel that way.
I don't want to remember you
with hatred and anger.
Let me remember you
as a man I loved, Jae Young.
So, you loved me?
You expect me to believe that?
Just like you said...
we just didn't legally register it,
but we were like a married couple.
If I didn't love you,
how could I be with you that long?
Then what about your husband?
Do you love him too?
I need him.
That's all it is?
That's all it is.
What is the nature of their relationship?
What do you mean by that?
Kevin Lee and Hye Ran.
When did they first start up?
Why are you being
like this too, Tae Wook?
Don't you know that Go Hye Ran
is not that kind of woman?
I thought I knew.
Now, I'm less certain about it.
Back when she had
the abortion, and even now.
I feel like I know her less and less.
I didn't sleep with him, you bastard!
Why are you being so naive?
Men and women have something
chemical that draws them to each other.
That's a whole different issue,
Lawyer Kang.
[Search Warrant]
I'd like a search warrant
for Go Hye Ran's car.
The autopsy results are not back yet.
Give me the warrant before then.
I'm concerned that we will
lose evidence if we delay.
Senior.
Let's talk comfortably to each other.
Talk.
There's a good chance
this will be a simple car accident.
If that's what happens...
you won't get an honorary retirement.
You're going up against Go Hye Ran.
She's an anchor known by the whole
country. And she is a former reporter.
- Ki Hoon.
- Yes, go on.
You know Kevin Lee, right?
He was an athlete.
Would someone like that die
from an accident like that?
He didn't even brake.
Because he was drunk.
The air bag went off in his face,
but there are no marks on his face.
Why do you think that is?
Because he was already dead.
You can't get a warrant
if all you have is a theory.
Get evidence.
Give me a warrant.
I'll find the evidence.
I'll get her call logs,
navigation record, and her black box.
Then we can track her movements.
Wait for the autopsy results.
I'll give you the warrant
once you have Go Hye Ran.
- Ki Hoon.
- Senior.
You know what happens
if you mess with the press.
We won't be the police anymore,
we'll be the ones people are watching.
We can't take on that burden.
Wait for the autopsy results.
We'll talk then.
I've been a detective for 30 years.
I knew right away
when I saw the crime scene.
It wasn't a simple accident.
Wait and see.
Director Jang.
How are you managing your team?
JBC's main anchor
has been accused of murder?
This is something
that should be in the news.
I apologize.
How were the ratings yesterday?
Ah...
They fell six percent
from the previous day.
What? Not 0.6 but 6?
Are you maintaining the advertisers?
Currently, four have pulled out.
- Team Leader Woong.
- Yes?
- Come here.
- Yes.
You little...
What were you doing?
When Go Hye Ran got called by the police,
you should've had a plan.
Lee Yeon Jung? How could you use her?
I'm sorry.
I want to hear plans on how to get it
back up six percent by tomorrow morning.
Report to me.
As for Go Hye Ran...
we'll discuss that afterward.
Director, why don't we just call
Han Ji Won back from Daejeon?
Give me a cigarette.
Vice President is being so harsh.
How can we get six percent
back overnight?
Is there no possibility with Go Hye Ran?
Director, you have to let it go.
We're in no position
to worry about Go Hye Ran.
You and I could both get fired
if we let emotions get in our way.
Oh, my head hurts.
The medical diagnosis of the injuries
sustained by the victim
describes his injuries
and the degree of them.
The diagnosis does not prove
the defendant was behind the assault.
It cannot be used as evidence.
Therefore, based on Criminal Code 260
and Criminal Procedure Code 308
the defendant is found not guilty.
Oh, Lawyer Kang. So much charisma.
I like it.
Congratulations, Senior.
You finally won.
Your wife is the best.
She said she supported your convictions.
She even did that news story for you.
The media is amazing.
We could have won without the news.
Oh, right...
Is your wife okay?
Yes, she is.
That's a relief.
My wife tells me things aren't
good for her in the newsroom.
Even the vice president
is pressuring her.
It seems a comeback
on News Nine may be difficult.
It must be tough.
Honestly, people like us in law
don't like to get mixed up with family.
It really is low-class work.
[DramaFever Ver] jTBC E05 Misty "Scandal"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
What is it? Just say it.
Uh, well, yes.
Honestly...
the mood out there is not good.
Of course, I believe Anchor Go Hye Ran.
I've seen how much she loves you.
Why would she be with
that golfer? What nonsense.
People gossip so much.
Everywhere you go,
they're having a blast gossiping.
It's not like they know.
Is this an unlucky year
for your birth year, by any chance?
Anyway, everywhere you go...
it is true that things
don't look so good.
Yes, Mother.
He looked very tired.
I mean Tae Wook.
Did you talk to him?
You should console him.
I'm busy right now.
This isn't the time to put up walls.
In this situation
Tae Wook is the only person
who will take your side.
- Talk to him...
- I'm hanging up.
What are you doing
to manage your household?
I'm so embarrassed
that I can't hold my head up.
Don't listen to people.
It's not true.
- She was just a witness.
- Go Hye Ran and Kevin Lee.
Are you envious?
You should quit soccer and play golf.
Even a cold woman
like Go Hye Ran fell for him.
Organize things and split up for good.
They even went abroad together.
I hear things were insane there too.
Did they sleep together?
I no longer want to see her.
I can't let it go this time.
My friend's cousin's friend's husband
is part of the crew.
- They apparently shared the same room.
- Hey.
- Are you listening to me?
- They slept together.
Do you think Go Hye Ran seduced him,
or was it Kevin Lee who seduced her?
It's obvious, isn't it?
Have you seen the look
in Go Hye Ran's eyes, and that body?
- What kind of guy would say no?
- Tae Wook.
Image is everything in broadcasting.
I guess she's the opposite in reality.
One woman anchor is going to
destroy that station...
Hey! Who are you?
[Lawyer Tae Wook]
Sue me.
What are you doing
in front of your mother?
She is my wife.
The whole world can point their
fingers at her and curse her.
I... will be by her side.
I will have them point their fingers at
me and have them curse me too.
Because I am her husband.
I don't love you.
Is that okay?
I love you.
It's enough if I love you.
Manager Jung, it's me.
Please find all the negative,
baseless articles about my wife.
I will be suing them for defamation.
Find the papers
and reporters' names for me.
Yes.
I will be starting my defense now.
Please prepare.
[Resignation]
It's my resignation.
What are you doing?
You can figure it out, Director.
So, you're innocent enough that
you're willing to use your last card.
Is that it?
Thank you for everything.
Stay healthy.
Give up on being
the Blue House press secretary.
I only have one neck.
I can't put my neck on the line for
someone who's going to leave soon.
What do you want to do?
You choose.
Director! No, this isn't right.
What are you thinking?
I'm sorry.
This is like you're killing yourself.
Oh Dae Woong.
What do you think the news is?
The news?
Well, the news...
Justice, truth in our world.
It's all a show in the end, a show.
A show, a show that delivers facts.
A show?
Go Hye Ran will be on News Nine.
How will Go Hye Ran
get that six percent back?
Aren't you curious? I am.
What if the ratings drop even more?
What if people protest?
Director!
10 minutes to air.
I'm heading down.
All right.
Regarding the press secretary offer...
I think we will have to rescind that.
Was that the decision
of the Senior Press Secretary?
I will report it to him once I get back.
I see. I understand.
If it's okay with you
could you report back to him once
you see me on News Nine tonight?
Were you not let go from News Nine?
It's true that broadcasting
can be a cold industry.
But, they do not
take away one's livelihood
just for being questioned as a witness.
So...
Gosh!
Team Leader Woong.
Will it be okay for Go Hye Ran to go on?
I really don't know.
Stand by!
Studio, stand by.
Hello to all our viewers.
I am Go Hye Ran on JBC's News Nine.
Before I start the news today
I feel I must say something
to help you understand.
As it was reported on the news yesterday
I was questioned by the police as
a witness regarding Kevin Lee's death.
The police believe that this
was not a simple car accident.
There are many articles
all over the internet
hypothesizing that I am
the prime suspect.
I want to tell everyone that I am
still just a reference witness.
I would like to ask that articles
expanding on this hypothesis stop.
Unfortunately, this incident
is in the public domain.
I felt it was best
to be clear and honest.
That is how I feel and how JBC feels.
If I am needed for the investigation,
I will continue to cooperate.
Until the truth comes to light,
I will continue on with News Nine.
As Go Hye Ran's News Nine has always done
we will continue to be
impartial and transparent.
That is how we
will approach you, the viewers.
Now, on to our first news item.
She is cool, as always.
Don't you agree?
Is that the list of people to sue?
Ah, yes.
Why don't we get all the people
who put up bad rumors too?
Let's sue them all.
[Vice President]
Go Hye Ran knows the news.
She knows the news.
That's all for Go Hye Ran's News Nine.
- Thank you.
- Signal, stand by. Signal.
Start.
You worked hard.
You were awesome, Senior.
Great job.
You did great.
Thanks.
What is it?
Let me ask you one thing.
You have more to ask me?
What did you do with the black box chip?
I don't know.
You don't know?
They checked at the auto mechanic
and it was already gone.
It wasn't there.
The chip wasn't there
when the car came in.
I wondered if it was sent
to the insurance company.
Oh.
Really?
Honestly...
I thought they lost it at the mechanic,
but they said it was never there.
I don't know what happened,
so it's driving me crazy.
It's the only thing that would prove
that I didn't kill Kevin Lee.
It disappeared.
I'm sure you don't believe me.
The news...
You were great, as you always are.
I apologize for acting like a jerk.
I'm sorry.
This may sounds worse.
I was just angry.
The fact that you were mixed up in
this situation with a person like that...
It upset me and made me mad.
From now on, I believe you.
I'm going to believe everything you say.
So, let me help you.
As your husband and as your lawyer.
Now...
will you lean on me, Hye Ran?
Oh.
What is this?
Wow.
Take a look at this.
What is it?
Did you find something?
Yes. Look at this.
Seo Eun Joo said she was home.
Yet, she's getting out
of Go Hye Ran's car.
Isn't that strange?
I wasn't feeling well,
so I fell asleep early.
Why would she lie about that?
Shouldn't we look into
Seo Eun Joo, as well?
Why would she have met
Go Hye Ran at that time?
What time was it?
It was a bit past 1:00 a.m.
When did Kevin Lee leave?
Kevin Lee returned at...
Oh, here it is.
What time is this?
It's less than 10 minutes after
Go Hye Ran drops Seo Eun Joo off.
Also...
He comes back out about 30 minutes later.
Then he is found dead at 5:00 a.m.
Sit down.
Didn't you hear me?
Did you have fun playing with my husband?
He's not a boring person,
Lee Jae Young.
Having him was probably the fun part.
Money, fame, et cetera.
- Is that it?
- So, how much do you need?
You played well with my husband,
so you should get paid.
Look here, Seo Eun Joo.
You're not thinking...
you're the first girl my husband
cheated with, are you?
You don't look that naive.
I'd rather not hear about how you
were drawn to him, or that you like him.
I know neither of you
is that type of person.
Wow.
You're not what I expected.
This is quite the twist.
He has a game in less than a month.
He needs to work out and focus.
That means he no longer
has time to play with you.
So, just tell me how much you need.
Is this how you're going
to get rid of Go Hye Ran too?
Will this work on her?
Did you really not know?
Lee Jae Young.
He was seeing both
Senior Hye Ran and me.
[Eun Joo]
Yes, Eun Joo.
Hello?
Eun Joo.
Hye Ran.
Is it true?
What do you mean?
Did you...
sleep with my husband?
Where are you right now?
Just tell me the truth.
- Was it Han Ji Won?
- Answer me.
Is it true?
Do I have to ask him to confirm it?
Hm? Hye Ran?
Take a look at this first.
I'm actually being blackmailed
by your husband right now.
Recently, pictures of your husband and
Han Ji Won were sent to the station.
They think that I did it.
To put it simply, I didn't do it.
But, why...
He must've wanted
to put me in the same boat.
That's why your husband
created this entire situation.
You're my friend.
I wanted to resolve it without
you finding out, Eun Joo.
This is a sex crime.
He forcefully assaulted me.
The day these get exposed to the world...
your husband won't be able
to come back from that.
It's not just your husband.
You and I will both be finished.
Are you all right?
What do I do, Hye Ran?
To tell you the truth...
I'm pregnant.
What do I do?
Go back to the US.
Forget everything here.
Take your husband and go back to the US.
Go and live as if nothing happened.
I'll take care of things here.
Whatever happened today...
You didn't hear a thing.
You didn't see a thing.
Got it?
Oh, Hye Ran!
Honey.
Will you be okay?
Should I go with you?
- Coffee.
- Yeah.
Oh... isn't that Go Hye Ran?
Eun Joo.
Thank you for coming.
It's been hard, right?
I have to get through it.
What will you do?
It's not what I expected,
so I'm taken aback.
No, we were in the same class.
- We just knew each other's names.
- That's right.
Hye Ran and I were close friends
for all three years.
- Sung Jae.
- Yes, Team Leader.
Suppose they are friends.
One says they were very close,
but another says they weren't.
Does that mean they were close or not?
- Doesn't that mean they aren't close?
- Then...
do you think those two
look close or not close?
Thank you so much for coming.
They look close.
Isn't that strange?
It's very strange.
Go Hye Ran is the prime suspect too.
Also, she may have been
seeing her husband.
But, look at them.
They could be pulling
at each other's hair.
But, look at their friendship.
It is very beautiful
What would you do
if you were Seo Eun Joo?
Would you leave her be?
- I would just...
- What if...
they were on the same side?
What?
What would happen if those two
women were on the same side?
Then Kevin Lee wouldn't matter.
- Team Leader.
- Sung Jae.
This is very interesting.
Right?
What about the autopsy results?
They told me results
would be out soon.
You're really okay, right?
I'll have to be okay.
Are you confident?
If you don't have the confidence
to handle this situation
cut ties now and give up.
No, I will do it.
I will protect Hye Ran.
It will become a dirty fight.
I know.
The truth is not important.
Who makes their version
look more like the truth?
That battle will win the fight.
I know that.
Sung Jae, this won't do.
We need a new game plan
for Lee Jae Young's case.
What? Again?
Gosh, Team Leader!
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Misty]
I saw a posting that you're
looking to hire someone.
I heard there's no evidence of murder.
It was an inconclusive result.
Who could have Go Hye Ran's
black box chip right now?
Hye Ran, is someone threatening you?
I have so many enemies.
When I said I would protect you
I also meant I'd protect everything
you have and everything you want.
I'm going to do everything
I promised, no matter what.
How could you do this to me?
I want to bury this.
Can you do it?
Who is trying to screw
with me to this degree?
I will never let
that person get away with it.